Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 21, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
Words with initial capital letters have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account: A unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate: An entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application: Refers to RainAI, the software program provided by the Company.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Agreement): Refers to RainAI.
Country: Refers to Ohio, United States.
Device: Any device that can access the Service such as a computer, cellphone, or digital tablet.
Personal Data: Any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service: Refers to the Application.
Service Provider: Any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company, including third-party companies or individuals employed to facilitate the Service.
Third-party Social Media Service: Any website or social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data: Data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (e.g., the duration of a page visit).
You: The individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, including, but not limited to:

Email address
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows you to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:

Google
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
If you decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, we may collect personal data that is already associated with your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as your name, email address, activities, or contact list associated with that account.

Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage your Account: To manage your registration as a user of the Service.
For the performance of a contract: The development, compliance, and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items, or services you have purchased.
To contact you: To contact you by email, phone, SMS, or other equivalent forms of communication.
To provide you with information: To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events.
To manage your requests: To attend and manage your requests to us.
For business transfers: To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets.
For other purposes: We may use your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, and user experience.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share your personal information in the following situations:

With Service Providers: To monitor and analyze the use of our Service or contact you.
For business transfers: During negotiations of any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates: With our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
With business partners: To offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
With other users: When you share personal information in the public areas or interact with other users.
With your consent: For any other purpose with your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and policies.

Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to us. We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure.

Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites not operated by us. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last updated" date at the top.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

By email: layvan.business@gmail.com
